What harsh truths do you prefer to ignore?
Is free will real or just an illusion?
Is there a meaning to life? If so, what is it?
Where is the line between art and not art?
What should be the goal of humanity?
Does fate exist? If so, do we have free will?
What does it mean to live a good life?
Why do we dream?
Where does your self-worth come from?
How will humans as a species go extinct?
Is it possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie?
Does a person’s name influence the person they become?
Is the meaning of life the same for animals and humans?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
If you could become immortal on the condition you would NEVER be able to die or kill yourself, would you choose immortality?
What actions in your life will have the longest reaching consequences? How long will those effects be felt?
How long will you be remembered after you die?
If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how “human” would they be without the influence of society and culture?
How would humanity change if all humans’ life expectancy was significantly increased (let’s say to around 500 years)?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
What do you think would be humanity’s reaction to the discovery of extraterrestrial life?
Will religion ever become obsolete?
If you could teach everyone in the world one concept, what concept would have the biggest positive impact on humanity?
Is suffering a necessary part of the human condition? What would people who never suffered be like?
Does hardship make a person stronger? If so, under what conditions and at what point is it too much hardship? If not, what makes a person stronger?
Would things get better or worse if humans focused on what was going well rather than what’s going wrong?
What benefits does art provide society? Does art hurt society in any way?
How likely do you think it will be that humans will last another 1,000 years without killing ourselves off?
What do you attribute the biggest successes in your life to? How about your largest failures?
If freedom is simply being able to do what you want, are animals freer than humans?
Would you want to know you are going to die before hand or die suddenly without warning?
Is humanity headed in the right or wrong direction?
Does the study of philosophy ever lead to answers or simply more questions?
What is the best way for a person to attain happiness?
If you had to guess, what do you think would be the most likely way you’ll die?
Is it better for a person to have a broad knowledge base or a deep knowledge base?
What is the best way to train people to see the gradients in the world around them instead of just a simplistic “this is good, that is wrong” view of the world?
Is intelligence or wisdom more useful?
Which of your beliefs are justified and which ones aren’t?
What do you contribute back to society?
What are you going to do with the one life you have?
Is it more important to help yourself, help your family, help your society, or help the world?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
What is the most important goal every person should have?
Is it better to be a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond?
What are you capable of achieving?
By what standards do you judge yourself?
Can human nature be changed? Should it be changed?
How replaceable are you?
Why don’t we as a species take more advantage of the fact that we have almost infinite knowledge available to us?
What two questions would you ask to get the most information about who a person truly is?
Some people believe that if life has no purpose, then there is no reason for liviWhile others think that if life has no purpose, that frees a person to find/create and follow their own personal purpoWhich is a more valid point of view or are they both equally valid?
Does absolute power corrupt absolutely?
Why do we judge ourselves by our intentions but judge others by their actions?
What activities cause you to feel like you are living life to the fullest?
Does knowledge have intrinsic value or does it need to have a practical use to have value?
What would you genetically change about humans to make them a better species?
How important is play in living a healthy and fulfilling life?
Where do you think is the most worthwhile place to find meaning in life? Work, family, hobby, religion, philosophy, helping others, all the small miracles, or something else entirely?
What is the biggest waste of human potential?
Is a life that focuses on avoiding pain and seeking out pleasure a good and worthwhile life? Why or why not?
Does jealously have value in driving humans to improve themselves or is it a purely negative emotion?
What percentage of your life do you feel truly alive? When do you feel that way? How can you feel that way more often?
What do you think your future self will remember about you now?
“Know thyself” is an ancient concept going back much further than Socrates and is at the root of much of philosopWith that in mind, what are the most important things to learn about one’s self or is all self-knowledge equal?
What do you think existed before the universe was created?
Is math something that humans created or something we discovered? Is looking at reality mathematically an accurate representation of how things work?
Is it possible for a human to fathom the true depths of reality and existence?
If the universe is finite, what would beyond the edge of the universe be like?
What is the best path to find truth; science, math, art, philosophy, or something else?
As more and more is being discovered about quantum physics, we become less and less able to comprehend the nature of realiIs this something temporary and our minds will adapt and begin to understand this new reality or is it possible that the human mind will soon reach its limits of comprehension? If it’s only temporary, is there is a limit to what the human mind can comprehend? If we are reaching our limits, how do we continue to study our reality?
Is there inherent order in nature or is it all chaos and chance?
What in life is truly objective and not subjective?
There has always been somethiBefore there was something, there was only nothiWhich do you think is more likely?
Is happiness just chemicals flowing through your brain or something more?
Why are humans so susceptible to magical thinking?
If every neuron in a human was accurately simulated in a computer, would it result in human consciousness?
Is it possible that some animals are self-aware and think about their ability to think?
How do you define consciousness?
Is it possible to prove that other people besides yourself have consciousness?
How conscious do you think animals are?
Assuming evolution is correct, do you think that if humans went extinct another species as intelligent as humans would evolve? If life exists long enough on a planet, is intelligence and consciousness inevitable?
Would it be more frightening to discover that humans are the most advanced species in the universe or that we are far from being the most advanced species in the universe?
How would you define genius?
There is zero chance that ALL your firmly and dearly held beliefs are trSo, which of your beliefs are most likely to be wrong and which are most liable to be true?
How much does language affect our thinking?
Why are humans so confident in beliefs that can’t be proven?
If all your memories were erased, what kind of person would you be?
Why do humans have such a strong urge to distract ourselves from the real world?
What is the benefit of consciousness from an evolutionary stand point?
Is the concept of “you” continuous or does past “you” continually fade into present and future “you”? In other words, what part of “you” sticks around over time considering that the atoms that make up your body are constantly being replaced and your memories are always changing?
Is it possible that someone’s genes might affect their political leanings? If no, why not? If so, what would be the ramifications?
Can rational thought exist without language?
Would selectively breeding an animal such as a dog based on intelligence, increase its intelligence over time? If so, how intelligent could dogs become? If not, how does intelligence emerge in a species?
Are there limits to human creativity?
Why do we resist doing things that we know are good for our well-being while craving things that are detrimental to our well-being?
Is it be possible for humans to create something completely novel and new that is based on nothing that previously existed? Or is human creativity just rearranging and building on previous ideas?
Would you be able to tell if time had been altered in some way?
Your perception of the world is just what your brain constructs for you from the signals sent by your sensPlus, there is a slight delay, so you aren’t even experiencing the simulation in real tiWhat would it be like if humans could perceive what the world is actually like and do it in real time? Also, what are the ramifications of every single person’s reality being a little different and unique to them?
If there existed a perfect clone of you, would it also be you? Would it act in exactly the same manner as you (like a mirror) or would it act differently? If it acted differently then would it still be you? At what point would it not be you?
